ABSTRACT OF FANTASY FOOTBALL PROJECT:
Fantasy Football is an extremely popular game that is played by millions of people around the world.   Fantasy football is a game where you can create your own football team and compete with other Participants such as yourself based on your team's statistics from week to week.   Fantasy football Participants engage in competitive leagues, accruing "fantasy points'' based on the statistics of real football players. The vast majority of leagues are scored on a weekly basis, matching up teams in a head-to-head scenario in a rotating schedule.Fantasy football programs can be complicated.  In this Project I have created a webpage .The goal is to collect the most productive players across a variety of positions. The Web Application consists of a login page for Participants,  it will ask the Participants to fill out the starting roster with a quarterback, two running backs, two wide receivers and one tight end, and check where they stand in the League from week to week. Points are based on the actual performances of the NFL player's Team win or loss in the real-world competition. If the team the NFL player wins the game, each player drafted gets 1 point.  If the Team of the NFL player drafted loses, the participant does not get any points.The relevant statistics for each player is  gathered from the publicly accessible website. http://www.sports-reference.com,  (Links to an external site.)and is divided into four main positions that consist of quarterbacks, running backs, wide receivers, and tight ends. The table is  sortable by columns and also contains a search function that allows users to quickly find a specific player that allows for easy access to player statistics and fantasy football point projections.
Created a database Using MySQL and loaded relevant statistics for a minimum of 10 NFL players for each quarterback, running back, wide  receiver, and tight end.  
Configured a webServer.
Design an interactive web page to do the following:
Created a Registration page for Participants and stored it in Database consisting details like:Username,Password,Email.
Login page is  for Participants to authenticate once registered. It will ask for username and password to retrieve user information.
Ability for Participants to fill out the starting roster with a quarterback, two running backs, two wide receivers and one tight end.
Ability to see relevant Statistics for quarterbacks, running backs, wide receivers and tight ends from data collected
The table is  sortable by columns and also contains a search function that allows users to quickly find a specific player that allows for easy access to player statistics and fantasy football point projections.  
A Simple scoring system checks where they stand in the League from week to week. Points are based on the actual performances of the NFL player's Team performance in the real-world competition. If the NFL player wins the game, each player drafted gets 1 point.  If the Team of the NFL player drafted loses, the participant does not get any points. Tie is 0.5 points. 
I have used the data from the 2019/2020 season to get the win/loss for each team.
